Update periodic flush and message mapper settings (#11562)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/pull-based-ingestion.md

| `internal_queue_size` | The size of the internal blocking queue for advanced tuning. Valid values are from 1 to 100,000, inclusive. Optional. Default is 100. |
| `all_active` | Whether to enable the all-active ingestion mode. Cannot be enabled for indexes that use segment replication mode. Default is `false`. See [Ingestion modes](#ingestion-modes). |
| `pointer_based_lag_update_interval` | The interval at which pointer-based lag is calculated. Accepts time units. Default is `10s`. Setting this value to `0` disables pointer-based lag calculation. |

> | `mapper_type` | Defines the mapper for the input message format. Supported values are `default` and `raw_payload`. See [Message formats](#message-format) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mapper_type` | Defines the mapper for the input message format. Valid values are `default` and `raw_payload`. See [Message format](#message-format). |
```
